<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

*   [imageUrl][1]
    *   [Parameters][2]
*   [cardSetInfo][3]
    *   [Parameters][4]
*   [allArchetypes][5]
*   [randomCard][6]
*   [randomCardName][7]
*   [checkDatabaseVersion][8]
*   [AllCardSets][9]
*   [Languages][10]
*   [Meta][11]
    *   [Properties][12]
*   [setCode][13]
    *   [Examples][14]
*   [cardId][15]
    *   [Examples][16]
*   [imageType][17]
*   [name][18]
*   [fname][19]
*   [id][20]
*   [konami\_id][21]
*   [type][22]
*   [atk][23]
*   [def][24]
*   [level][25]
*   [race][26]
*   [attribute][27]
*   [link][28]
*   [linkmarker][29]
*   [scale][30]
*   [cardset][31]
*   [archetype][32]
*   [banlist][33]
*   [sort][34]
*   [format][35]
*   [misc][36]
*   [staple][37]
*   [has\_effect][38]
*   [startdate][39]
*   [enddate][40]
*   [dateregion][41]
*   [id][42]
*   [name][43]
*   [typeline][44]
*   [type][45]
*   [humanReadableCardType][46]
*   [frameType][47]
*   [desc][48]
*   [ygoprodeck\_url][49]
*   [archetype][50]
*   [atk][51]
*   [def][52]
*   [level][53]
*   [race][54]
*   [attribute][55]
*   [scale][56]
*   [linkval][57]
*   [linkmarkers][58]
*   [card\_sets][59]
*   [card\_images][60]
*   [card\_prices][61]
*   [banlist\_info][62]
*   [misc\_info][63]

## imageUrl

Returns the URL of a card image based on the provided parameters. As stated in the official documentation, please only pull an image once and then store it locally.

### Parameters

*   `options` **ParamsCardImage** An object containing the parameters for retrieving the card image.*   `cardId`: The ID of the card to retrieve the image for.
    *   `imageType`: The type of image to retrieve. Defaults to "full" if not provided.

Returns **[Promise][64]<[string][65]>** URL string of the card image.

## cardSetInfo

Retrieves information about a specific card set given its set code.

### Parameters

*   `options` **ParamsCardSetInfo** An object containing the set code of the card set to retrieve information for.

Returns **[Promise][64]\<ResponseAllCardSets>** A promise that resolves to a [ResponseAllCardSets][66] containing the details of the card set.

## allArchetypes

Returns all of the current Yu-Gi-Oh! Card Archetype Names, sorted by A-Z.

Returns **[Promise][64]\<ResponseCardArchetypes>** A promise that resolves to a [ResponseCardArchetypes][67]

## randomCard

Retrieves a random card's data from the YGOPro API.

Returns **[Promise][64]\<ResponseRandomCard>** A promise that resolves to a [ResponseRandomCard][68] containing the details of the random card.

## randomCardName

Retrieves the name of a random card from the YGOPro API. This does not return the full card data, only the name string.

Returns **[Promise][64]<[string][65]>** A promise that resolves to the string name of a random card.

## checkDatabaseVersion

This is not a cached endpoint and database\_version and date are incremented when:

1.  New card is added to the database.
2.  Card information is updated/modified on the main database.

Returns **[Promise][64]\<ResponseCheckDBVersion>** A promise that resolves to a [ResponseCheckDBVersion][69] containing the database version information.

## AllCardSets

All Cards Sets
Retrieves all of the current Yu-Gi-Oh! Card Sets, sorted by A-Z.
Response contains the Set Name, Set Code, Number of Cards and TCG Date (Release Date).

Returns **any** A promise that resolves to a [ResponseAllCardSets][66]

## Languages

Supported languages for endpoint response data. Defaults to "en". Card images will always be in English.

Type: (`"en"` | `"fr"` | `"de"` | `"it"` | `"pt"`)

## Meta

Extra metadata about the response from the API, only used in the Random Card response.

Type: {generated: [string][65], current\_rows: [number][70], total\_rows: [number][70], rows\_remaining: [number][70], total\_pages: [number][70], pages\_remaining: [number][70], next\_page: [string][65], next\_page\_offset: [number][70]}

### Properties

*   `generated` **[string][65]**&#x20;
*   `current_rows` **[number][70]**&#x20;
*   `total_rows` **[number][70]**&#x20;
*   `rows_remaining` **[number][70]**&#x20;
*   `total_pages` **[number][70]**&#x20;
*   `pages_remaining` **[number][70]**&#x20;
*   `next_page` **[string][65]**&#x20;
*   `next_page_offset` **[number][70]**&#x20;

## setCode

The set code of the card set to retrieve information for.

Type: [string][65]

### Examples

```javascript
"SDY-001"
```

## cardId

The ID of the card to retrieve the image for.

Type: [string][65]

### Examples

```javascript
"42901635"
```

## imageType

The type of image to retrieve.

*   "full: "Full size image.
*   "small": Small size image.
*   "cropped": The image without the card frame.

Type: (`"full"` | `"small"` | `"cropped"`)

## name

The exact name of the card. You can pass multiple | separated names to this parameter (e.g., "Baby Dragon|Time Wizard").

Type: [string][65]

## fname

A fuzzy search using a string. For example, "Magician" to search all cards with "Magician" in the name.

Type: [string][65]

## id

The 8-digit passcode of the card. You cannot pass this alongside name. You can pass multiple comma separated IDs.

Type: [string][65]

## konami\_id

The Konami ID of the card. This is not the passcode.

Type: [string][65]

## type

The type of card to filter by. Multiple comma separated types allowed.

Type: [string][65]

## atk

Filter by ATK value.

Type: ([number][70] | [string][65])

## def

Filter by DEF value.

Type: ([number][70] | [string][65])

## level

Filter by card level or rank.

Type: ([number][70] | [string][65])

## race

Filter by the card race (e.g., Spellcaster, Warrior, Insect). Multiple comma separated values allowed.

Type: [string][65]

## attribute

Filter by the card attribute. Multiple comma separated values allowed.

Type: [string][65]

## link

Filter by Link value.

Type: ([number][70] | [string][65])

## linkmarker

Filter by Link Marker value (e.g., Top, Bottom, Left, Right, Bottom-Left, Bottom-Right, Top-Left, Top-Right). Multiple comma separated values allowed.

Type: [string][65]

## scale

Filter by Pendulum Scale value.

Type: ([number][70] | [string][65])

## cardset

Filter by card set (e.g., Metal Raiders, Soul Fusion).

Type: [string][65]

## archetype

Filter by archetype (e.g., Dark Magician, Prank-Kids, Blue-Eyes).

Type: [string][65]

## banlist

Filter by banlist (TCG, OCG, Goat).

Type: [string][65]

## sort

Sort the order of the cards (atk, def, name, type, level, id, new).

Type: [string][65]

## format

Sort the format of the cards (tcg, goat, ocg goat, speed duel, master duel, rush duel, duel links).

Type: [string][65]

## misc

Pass "yes" to show additional response info (details).

Type: [string][65]

## staple

Check if card is a staple.

Type: [boolean][71]

## has\_effect

Check if a card actually has an effect or not.

Type: [boolean][71]

## startdate

Filter based on cards' release start date. Format: YYYY-mm-dd.

Type: [string][65]

## enddate

Filter based on cards' release end date. Format: YYYY-mm-dd.

Type: [string][65]

## dateregion

Pass dateregion as tcg (default) or ocg.

Type: [string][65]

## id

ID or Passcode of the card. @example 80316585

Type: [number][70]

## name

Name of the card. @example "Dark Magician"

Type: [string][65]

## typeline

Type text under image. @example \["Spellcaster", "Normal"]

Type: [Array][72]<[string][65]>

## type

The type of card you are viewing. @example "Normal Monster"

Type: [string][65]

## humanReadableCardType

More readable version of "type" for certain cases. @example "Normal Monster"

Type: [string][65]

## frameType

The backdrop type that this card uses. @example "normal"

Type: [string][65]

## desc

Card description/effect. @example "''The ultimate wizard in terms of attack and defense.''"

Type: [string][65]

## ygoprodeck\_url

Link to YGOPRODeck card page. @example "[https://ygoprodeck.com/card/dark-magician-4003/][73]"

Type: [string][65]

## archetype

The Archetype that the card belongs to. @example "Dark Magician"

Type: [string][65]

## atk

The ATK value of the card. @example 2500

Type: [number][70]

## def

The DEF value of the card. @example 2100 / null (Link Monsters)

Type: ([number][70] | null)

## level

The Level/RANK of the card. @example 7 / null (Link Monsters)

Type: ([number][70] | null)

## race

The card race which is officially called type @example "Spellcaster"

Type: [string][65]

## attribute

The attribute of the card. @example "DARK"

Type: [string][65]

## scale

The Pendulum Scale Value. @example 0

Type: [number][70]

## linkval

The Link Value of the card if it's of type "Link Monster". @example 0

Type: [number][70]

## linkmarkers

The Link Markers of the card if it's of type "Link Monster". @example \["Top", "Bottom-Left", "Bottom-Right"]

Type: [Array][72]<[string][65]>

## card\_sets

Card sets information

Type: CCardSets

## card\_images

Card images information

Type: CCardImages

## card\_prices

Card prices information

Type: CCardPrices

## banlist\_info

Banlist information

Type: CBanlistInfo

## misc\_info

Miscellaneous information if (?misc=yes)

Type: CMiscInfo

[1]: #imageurl

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #cardsetinfo

[4]: #parameters-1

[5]: #allarchetypes

[6]: #randomcard

[7]: #randomcardname

[8]: #checkdatabaseversion

[9]: #allcardsets

[10]: #languages

[11]: #meta

[12]: #properties

[13]: #setcode

[14]: #examples

[15]: #cardid

[16]: #examples-1

[17]: #imagetype

[18]: #name

[19]: #fname

[20]: #id

[21]: #konami_id

[22]: #type

[23]: #atk

[24]: #def

[25]: #level

[26]: #race

[27]: #attribute

[28]: #link

[29]: #linkmarker

[30]: #scale

[31]: #cardset

[32]: #archetype

[33]: #banlist

[34]: #sort

[35]: #format

[36]: #misc

[37]: #staple

[38]: #has_effect

[39]: #startdate

[40]: #enddate

[41]: #dateregion

[42]: #id-1

[43]: #name-1

[44]: #typeline

[45]: #type-1

[46]: #humanreadablecardtype

[47]: #frametype

[48]: #desc

[49]: #ygoprodeck_url

[50]: #archetype-1

[51]: #atk-1

[52]: #def-1

[53]: #level-1

[54]: #race-1

[55]: #attribute-1

[56]: #scale-1

[57]: #linkval

[58]: #linkmarkers

[59]: #card_sets

[60]: #card_images

[61]: #card_prices

[62]: #banlist_info

[63]: #misc_info

[64]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[65]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[66]: ResponseAllCardSets

[67]: ResponseCardArchetypes

[68]: ResponseRandomCard

[69]: ResponseCheckDBVersion

[70]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[71]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[72]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[73]: https://ygoprodeck.com/card/dark-magician-4003/
